{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 1.Refugee Privacy Visualization\

\b0 \
Our current graphic reprises our \'93close\'94 scenario, showing a split screen of a simple human figure with overlays highlighting how refugees\'92 privacy requirements differ from the rights of EU citizens.\
We opted for a infographic type visualization to highlight the most important regulations around privacy which, when purely text based, can be dry and difficult to understand. \'a0We believed that a visual call-out would help readers understand the story, and highlight the distinctions between citizens and refugees.\
We chose our base colors from WNYC\'92s online style guide (https://wnyc.github.io/#vision) and the rest of the colors in the chart build off of the blue from the style guide and the red from the navbar of our the WNYC site (which is itself a derivative of their official red from the style guide). \'a0The colors highlight the distinction between the two sides of the figure, with the left of the figure in blue representing the EU and the the right of the figure in red representing refugees within the EU. \'a0After feedback, we revised these colors to make them more readable, using grayscale styling to aid in that assessment. \'a0We used sans serif fonts, mimicking the rest of our page and the WNYC website.\
The text of this visualization is incorporated with the image. \'a0This makes it challenging to accommodate a satisfying mobile view of the chart. \'a0Rather than attempt to decouple the text from the visualization, we created a separate view for the mobile version. \'a0When the viewport scales below a point of legibility on the visualization, we switch over to a simple table.\uc0\u8232 \

\b 2.Mobile Money Visualization\

\b0 \
First, we explored our target publication\'92s site to find similar work that could guide our style choices. \'a0Unfortunately, Note to Self\'92s visual style isn\'92t great (see https://www.wnyc.org/story/bored-and-brilliant-challenge-tracker/). \'a0So we decided to use that as a rough guide, but to use our own judgement about other elements, like colors and chart titles.\
We used the same color scheme as for the first visualization, based on the WNYC Style Sheet. For the chart format, we chose a horizontal bar chart. Bar charts are the most useful for comparing several characteristics/data points between a limited amount of \'93participants\'94, in this case country. Bar charts are easily readable for most audiences without prior knowledge of visualization techniques, as opposed to scatter plots for example. We opted for a horizontal bar because it allowed for the most direct comparison between the two regions, and allowed us to use longer titles to explain the data that we selected to visualize.\
We chose natural increments (as suggested in the WSJ style guide), and since the data is in percent, we chose steps of 20% for the traditional banking graph and 2% for the mobile money graph. We chose to represent data for both regions next to each other to ensure comparability.\
As Bradley suggest in \'93Design Fundamentals\'94 we selected less than five distinct hues for this visualization: two different hues for the two regions, the text color and the background color. Because the focus of the visualization is Sub-Saharan Africa, we chose to highlight all data points that pertain to this region in red, as Bradley suggests that \'a0\'93the hottest colors (red being the hottest) draw attention and advance into the foreground of a composition.\'94 (p. 124). This was especially important as the overall level of financial inclusion is higher in the Euro Zone, meaning that the data points of this region will tower over those of Sub-Saharan Africa in height.\
According to visualization standards set forth in the WSJ style guide, the bar chart starts at a zero baseline, has no shadows or different textures, legend and charts are in the same order. Also in accordance with the WSJ style manual, we made the bars significantly wider than the space between them to prevent the reader from focusing on the negative space. We did, however, use additional negative space to separate data points from different series to avoid confusion between them. As for typography, we decided to use a sans-serif font, which conveys clarity and saves space, the black color helps create readability through contrast from the grey background. We chose a minimum font size of 14pt for any text to ensure readability as well.}